Add/latest version disclaimer (#855)
MapsPeople/docs: src/content/getting-started/android/new-project.md

Sync your project with gradle.

> > PLEASE NOTE - This "Getting Started" guide is created using a specific version of the SDK. When moving beyond the "Getting Started" guide, please be sure to download the latest version of the SDK!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This "Getting Started" guide is created using a specific version of the SDK. When moving beyond the "Getting Started" guide, please be sure to use the latest version of the SDK.
```

I think the capitalised intro and exclamation marks are unnecessary.

Also, we generally talk about "using" the SDK, not "downloading" it.

> > PLEASE NOTE - This "Getting Started" guide is created using a version of the SDK that is known to be fully stable and functioning. When moving beyond the "Getting Started" guide, please be sure to download the latest version of the SDK to ensure the features described in our documentation are reflected in SDK you are using!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Getting Started guide uses a specific version of the SDK, so remember to use the latest when implementing in your own app.
```

I think the text should be a bit more generic—not necessarily as short as what I suggest here, but something to that effect. It almost sounds like the version we're using for the Getting Started guide is wrong, which it isn't; it's potentially just a bit older 🙂
